# Super-Resolution using Enhanced U-Net for Brain MRI Images
  Super-resolution is an important technique in image processing. It overcomes some hardware limitation failing to get high-resolution image. After machine learning getting involved in, the super-resolution technique gets more efficient in improving the image quality. In this work, we applied super-resolution to the brain MRI images by proposing an enhanced U-Net. Firstly, we used U-Net to realize super-resolution on brain Magnetic Resonance Images (MRI). Secondly, we expanded the functionality of U-Net to the MRI with different contrasts by edge-to-edge training. Finally, we adopted transfer learning and employed convolutional kernel loss function to improve the performance of the U-Net. Experimental results have shown the superiority of the proposed method, e. g., the resolution on rate was boosted from 81.49% by U-Net to 94.22% by our edge-to-edge training.
 
# The Achievements
  Super-resolution is an important field in computer vision and image signal processing. In this work, we adopt the U-Net to achieve the super-resolution on MRI image. Firstly, we use the U-Net to do the normal training. The resolution of the image has arisen greatly. However, the PSNR of the image domain and frequency domain do not have obvious improvement.

  Then, we use the transfer training and convolutional kernel loss function to help the U-Net to do the training. The results are that the transfer learning slightly improve the net-work result in PSNR value on the image and k-space. One thing is more important, and that is it greatly improves the resolution of the image. When we try to use the convolutional kernel, the results get even better, and it improves the super-resolution quality by about 5%. However, one thing is influencing the result. The low frequency part has been changed greatly and it causes the distortion on the final images.

  Therefore, we introduce the edge-to-edge training. By applying the digging of the k-space, we keep the center part of the k-space unchanged, and only do the training on the high-resolution part. In this way, we found that the result gets much better, even without the transfer learning and the convolutional kernel.

# Drawbacks and Further Developments
  Due to the time limitation, we do not achieve significant performance gains on the U-Net. The U-Net should have more powerful performance on super-resolution. We have improved the resolution of the image greatly, but the image still has serious distortion. This is the direction we need to improve.

  Our next step of the research can be the development of some result processing strategies. For example, we find that when we want to apply the convolutional kernel loss function item to the edge-to-edge training, we need to create a filter which is the combination of two box filter, and then apply a new kind of convolutional kernel rather than Sinc function. It needs further mathematical works.

  Besides, in the process of unpatchify the image. We find that if we combine all the patches directly, the picture will have seams between the patches. However, if we use the average value in the overlapping part between the patches, the resolution of the image will sharply decrease. Thus, we need to find a better way to reconstruct the image from the patch sets.
